SAT-16814 Update Renaming server and capsule (#2231)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_renaming-server.adoc

= Renaming {ProjectServer}

The host name of {ProjectServer} is used by {ProjectServer} components, all {SmartProxyServers}, and hosts registered to it for communication.

> This procedure ensures that in addition to renaming {ProjectServer}, you also update all references to point to the new host name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure ensures that in addition to renaming {ProjectServer}, you must also update all references to point to the new host name.
```

Author: I don't want to do that because this sentence is written to describe what the procedure does, not what the user must do. I'd prefer to keep it as it is, let me know if you disagree.

[WARNING]
====
Renaming a {ProjectServer} host shuts down all {ProjectServer} services on that host.

> When the renaming is complete, the services restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services restart after the renaming is complete.
```

====

.Prerequisites

> * Back up {ProjectServer} before changing its host name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Back up your {ProjectServer} before changing its host name.
```

If you fail to successfully rename it, restore it from the backup.
For more information, see xref:backing-up-{project-context}-server-and-{smart-proxy-context}_{context}[].

> * Run the `hostname` and `hostname -f` commands on {ProjectServer}. Both commands must return the FQDN of {ProjectServer} or the `{project-change-hostname}` script will fail to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run the `hostname` and `hostname -f` commands on {ProjectServer}. 
Both commands must return the FQDN of {ProjectServer} or the `{project-change-hostname}` script will fail to complete.
```

+
If the `hostname` command returns the shortname of {ProjectServer} instead of the FQDN, use `hostnamectl set-hostname _old_fqdn_` to set the old FQDN correctly before attempting to use the `{project-change-hostname}` script.

* If {ProjectServer} has a custom SSL certificate installed, obtain a new certificate for the host's new name.
ifndef::orcharhino[]
For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}configuring-satellite-custom-server-certificate_{project-context}[Configuring {ProjectServer} with a Custom SSL Certificate] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_.
endif::[]

.Procedure

> . On {ProjectServer}, run the `{project-change-hostname}` script, and provide the new host name. Choose one of the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On {ProjectServer}, run the `{project-change-hostname}` script, and provide the new host name. 
Choose one of the following methods:
```

+

> * If your {ProjectServer} is installed with default self-signed SSL certificates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your {ProjectServer} is installed with the default self-signed SSL certificates, enter the following command:
```
The second half should be there IMHO.

= Renaming {ProjectServer}

The host name of {ProjectServer} is used by {ProjectServer} components, all {SmartProxyServers}, and hosts registered to it for communication.
This procedure ensures that in addition to renaming {ProjectServer}, you also update all references to point to the new host name.

[WARNING]
====
Renaming your {ProjectServer} host shuts down all {ProjectServer} services on that host.
The services restart after the renaming is complete.
====

.Prerequisites
* Back up your {ProjectServer} before changing its host name.
If you fail to successfully rename it, restore it from the backup.
For more information, see xref:backing-up-{project-context}-server-and-{smart-proxy-context}_{context}[].

* Run the `hostname` and `hostname -f` commands on {ProjectServer}. 

> Both commands must return the FQDN of {ProjectServer} or the `{project-change-hostname}` script will fail to complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If both commands do not return the FQDN of {ProjectServer}, the `{project-change-hostname}` script will fail to complete.
```

Your call.

+

> If the `hostname` command returns the shortname of {ProjectServer} instead of the FQDN, use `hostnamectl set-hostname _old_fqdn_` to set the old FQDN correctly before using the `{project-change-hostname}` script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the `hostname` command returns the shortname of {ProjectServer} instead of the FQDN, use `hostnamectl set-hostname _My_Old_FQDN_` to set the old FQDN correctly before using the `{project-change-hostname}` script.
```

> If the `hostname` command returns the shortname of {ProjectServer} instead of the FQDN, use `hostnamectl set-hostname _old_fqdn_` to set the old FQDN correctly before attempting to use the `{project-change-hostname}` script.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure about running. Maybe using/starting? Maybe there's a recommendation in IBM style guide.

----
# {hammer-smart-proxy} list
----
+

> Then, on {ProjectServer}, synchronize content for each {SmartProxyServer}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On {ProjectServer}, synchronize content for each {SmartProxyServer}:
```
Minimalism.

----
# {hammer-smart-proxy} list
----

> +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

IMHO not required.

> On {ProjectServer}, synchronize content for each {SmartProxyServer}:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. On {ProjectServer}, synchronize content for each {SmartProxyServer}:
```

Is there a reason to _not_ use a ordered list item here?

Author: I didn't use the list item because I wanted to make the connection between the two steps a bit clearer: that the 2nd command (synchronizing content) needs to be done for each Capsule listed in the output of the 1st command. But yes, I can see now that it just looks weird. Good catch!

# {hammer-smart-proxy} content synchronize \
--id _My_{smart-proxy-context}_ID_
----
. If you use the _virt-who_ agent, update the _virt-who_ configuration files with the new host name.
ifdef::satellite[]
For more information, see {ConfiguringVMSubscriptionsDocURL}troubleshooting-virt-who#modifying-virt-who-configuration_vm-subs-satellite[Modifying a virt-who Configuration] in _{ConfiguringVMSubscriptionsDocTitle}_.
endif::[] 
. If you use external authentication, reconfigure {ProjectServer} for external authentication after you run the `{project-change-hostname}` script.
ifndef::orcharhino[]

> For more information about configuring external authentication, see {InstallingServerDocURL}Configuring_External_Authentication_{project-context}[Configuring External Authentication] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}Configuring_External_Authentication_{project-context}[Configuring External Authentication] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_.
```
